(MALE SECRETARY) Sir...
According to the report,
Squads 1 and 2 have rejoined
forces.
(ICHIRO) I see...
It seems Shichisei's efforts to
unite Japan and the US were
successful.
(MALE SECRETARY) Yes...
However...
(ICHIRO) Go on.
(MALE SECRETARY) Since the
initial report, we haven't
received any further
communication from Mars.
(FEMALE SECRETARY) Prime
Minister Hiruma, sir.
President Goodman is on the
line.
(ICHIRO) Thank you.
Notify Shichisei immediately.
Right.
Hello, Gerald.
Hello Ichiro.
As I'm sure you're already
aware, your presence is
requested at the summit
meeting.
The agenda I'm sure will be of
no surprise to you.
But Ichiro, as the head of an
alied nation, you must
understand...
The stakes, have never been
higher.
13 TERRA FOR MARS
(YAEKO) You're not throwing it?
Uh?
Marcos made it.
Along with Kanako... Jared, and
Erika.
(YAEKO) Hey! Can you see Kanako?
What about everyone else?
We're almost there right?
[annoyed sigh]
Alex? Everything okay?
[sigh]
Yeah. Kanako carried Akari and
Michelle to the rest of the
crew with the serum, and yes,
we're just about there.
They'll protect Marcos...
and all of the others until we
can get there and help.
Shiela...
(AKARI) Marcos!
Y-yeah...?
Clear the area of roaches.
On it!
(AKARI) Konako, round up the
survivers.
Roger that!
Those claws of yours...
they look a lot like a mole
cricket's.
(NARRATOR) The mole cricket. It
climbs, swims, burroughs,
dashes, leaps, flys, and
sings.
It's best known for its jack of
all trades nature.
And, for its destructive brute
strength.
I'm gonna give you just a taste
of the pain your brethren
inflicted on my friends.
And while I understand I'm
wasting my breath talking to
you...
It's nowhere near the waste
you'll be left as when I'm
finished kicking your ass!
Come on!
Tsk!
[grunts]
[grunt]
[gasp]
(NARRATOR) The rainbow stag
beetle.
Besides it's characteristically
hard exoskeleton...
the beetle is sheathed in a
glossy iridescence that acts as
camouflage.
(JARED) Leuitenant Davis!
Huh?
Let me go after him Ma'am!
I can still use my ability.
Just rest up Jared.
(JARED)  Let me do this!
I understand I'm no brainiac...
or some politician trained in
international affairs...
I'm just a drifter who got the
surgery cause I was tired of
taking on dumb jobs and wanted
to score a big payday.
But the mission... for the first
time in my life I feel proud.
Proud knowing that I'm here
trying to save the world from
that damn virus!
And I'm not gonna let these,
roaches or any human for that
matter,
stand in the way of the
plan you, and the captian,
and our whole team have risked
our lives for!
I won't let our efforts be in
vain!
[angered breathing]
I see your point Jared.
Here.
Let's crush those roaches.
[chuckle]
[grunt]
Ahhhh!!!!
[grunt] Shit!
Alex!
[gasp]
[holding back tears]
Forgive me!
I was there and I couldn't...
I... I tried...
Sheila!
[crying]
Joji...Joji...
(ALEX) Marcos.
[gasp]
Tragically, poor timing.
Now you die.
[grunt]
I punched you because you looked
like a guy who needed some
sense knocked in to him.
Why did we end up coming all
this way to Mars, Marcos? Huh?
Answer me!
To protect... Sheila.
(ALEX) Really? Then you're
appologizing to the wrong
person.
Huh?
I'm here for a different reason.
For as long as we've been alive
we've been nothing but pawns to
the world, waiting patiently for
it to toss us aside.
Before Mars our choices were to
either join a gang or sell
ourselves in the streets.
Well I came here to change all
that!
That's why you're here too!
We're fighting for a better life
back home!
This planet's crawling with
roaches, there's no time for
crying and begging for my
forgiveness, goddamnit!
[deep breaths]
We'll take our revenge.
[struggling through tears]
Come on, we need to finish the
mission.
Now let's kill these roaches,
find the traitors and get back
to Earth.
Right?
Sound like a plan?
(ALEX) Captain!
Yeah, that's right.
[gasp]
Alex! Thank you.
My pleasure.
Joji... Joji...
(SHOKICHI) For this battle, and
for all battles to come...
Losing is not an option.
We have thirty-nine more days...
until the rescue vessel arrives.
[grunts]
We will all survive.
No matter the cost!
Jared... Go for it!
[snarl]
(NARRATOR) Echolocation...
a biological sonar used by
dolphins and killer whales to
identify their surroundings
by emitting calls and listening
for the echo.
Leuteniant! It's directly above
me!
Yeah I heard him.
Sneaky bastard made just enough
noise trying to slither up
behind you that I heard him loud
and clear.
I'm gifted with an outstanding
sense of hearing.
This asshole is copying my
moves!
[grunt}
(JARED) Shit!
It's a stag beetle!
[struggling to breath]
Let go of her, you bastard!
[struggling] Let go!
[struggling]
[grunt]
On Earth, unwanted physical
contact is called sexual
harrasment.
Often it leads to lawsuits,
fines, pay cuts,
dismissals... and  sometimes...
a massive headache. [spit]
[gasp]
(MALE SECRETARY) It can't be...
Sir, are you sure?
Yes.
According to President
Goodman...
I don't believe I fully
understand  this sir.
What about Captain Komachi?
What will happen to the rest of
the crew left on Mars?
It's just... they must be
assuming that help already is on
its way...
and yet...
Plan Delta's rescue ship
never launched.
The Annex 1 crew is...
Communication from Mars has
ceased.
What?!
We aren't picking up a single
radio signal from any squad.
Now we're not working under the
assumtion that everyon's dead...
There's some kind of
interferance.
But... the cochroaches don't
have that level of intelligence.
So then who?
Are you familiar with the terms
fighter males and sneaker males?
I am.
You're referring to insect
mating behaviour.
Fighter males engage in combat
to win their mate's adoration.
Sneaker males don't fight but
are cunning and gain mates
covertly.
The Commander of the Annex 1
project is an American.
Under him, are 14 deputy
commanders, including myself.
Which means...
what exactly?
There are fighters and sneakers
among us as well.
Hmmm.
This... this isn't a...?
Hmm...
Poor Adolf...
Hmmm?
[chuckle]
So whatcha gonna do now?
The boss is dead.
Isn't it about time to scurry
back into your holes and
regroup?
Oh! You all don't think it was
me who slaughtered this poor
fellow, do you?
So, are you guys the take bloody
revenge type or more like kill
everything that moves kind of
roaches?
Well sadly, I don't really have
the time to find that out right
now.
Someone with knowledge of our
mission has been instructing the
roaches.
That's how they knew to attack
the storage facility onboard the
Annex 1.
And how they figured out the
importance of the serum.
Asimov, sir.
(SYLVESTER) Hmm?
About that escape vehicle...
this location...
It doesn't exist.
It's completely bogus.
Hmmm
I see.
How could I have been so blind?
Those unsighly exoskeletons, are
so last year!
[chirping and hissing]
[heavy breathing]
[snarling]
[gasp]
Akari?
[grunting and heavy breathing]
[grunt]
Akari...
Hey... he's fighting
irradically.
He's going berserk!
Akari! What the hell's going
on?
Hey!
Akari!
[grunting and heavy breathing]
Calm down Akari!
[heavy breathing and quivering]
(SHOKICHI) Settle yourself.
[heavy breathing]
(MICHELLE) You're not that
person anymore Akari.
You are one of us now.
[deep breaths]
Captain... Michelle...
[sigh of relief]
[heavy controlled breathing]
Sneaky bastard!
No! I've got this one Michelle.
[smirk]
I've already captured it.
You see, the net really is quite
an amazing invention.
The more you struggle in it...
the worse it becomes.
Being observant is key to
survival.
I covered the ground with
bagworm moth thread.
Right about now, he should be
enveoped in net and dirt.
Swaddled and tangled up like a
giant bagworm moth prey bag.
Wound so tightly, it'll be
impedigable.
They'll never see the surface
again.
Captain, I owe you my thanks.
I was powered by the serum, but
I lost control.
I didn't really have to do
anything.
But for now...
Let's save the thanks for later.
We're not through here yet.
Shit.
For every roach you see, there
are thirty you don't.
I think the old saying mentions
a hundred...
I don't care how many, we're
gonna kill them all.
(SHICHISEI) Unlike the cowardly
sneakers...
We have the courage and backbone
to fight.
Sneakers masquareade as allies
only to steal the fruits of the
fighter's hard fought battles.
But cowards are weak...
fighters rise above.
We will not let them steal Akari
Hizamaru, Michelle K. Davis,
or your research.
Now...
I think it's time you came with
me.
[grunt]
Sushi...
Fatty tuna...
Bluefin tuna...
Sheila, I'm sorry that we can't
join you just yet.
We've got this really important
game.
And it ain't over yet!
[kiss]
[grunt]
[fueled holler]
[charge and stab]
Shokichi Komachi...
He and anyone calls his comrad
and friend...
I will not abandon them.
Not at their greatest time of
need.
I Hiruma Ichiro, vow to do
everything in my power....
to bring them home...
no matter what.
[grunt]
[punch]
[swing and grunt]
[chuckle]
[smirk]
Woah!
You two should really be more
careful.
(MARCOS/ALEX) Why'd you do
that?.. I'm gonna get you for
that Sheila!
[screams and gasps]
[barked command]
Joji... Joji... Joji...
[grunt]
No matter how many times we shut
you down, you stupid bastards
just don't get it do you?
Joji...Joji...Joji...
So let me try to be as clear as
I possibly can.
No matter how many times you
steal our equipment...
No matter who you have pulling
strings against us on the
inside, you will not defeat us!
Earth...
and it's creatures...
will never surrender to bastards
like you!
Understand me now?!
Joji!
The landmines are set!
[laughing]
[chuckle]